# 四六级冲刺必备-精选作文21篇

{% tabs %}
{% tab title="在线下载" %}
## [点我在线下载(四六级冲刺必备-精选作文21篇)](https://dev.onti.net/down/CDN/Files/2019/10/14/%E5%9B%9B%E5%85%AD%E7%BA%A7%E5%86%B2%E5%88%BA%E5%BF%85%E5%A4%87-%E7%B2%BE%E9%80%89%E4%BD%9C%E6%96%8721%E7%AF%87.doc)
{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

### 新东方 - 大学英语四六级考试(CET)：
　The open policy means that our country is open to investment, trade and technical and economic cooperation with other countries on the basis of equality and mutual benefit. The purpose of open policy is to acquire advanced technology, management skills to serve our socialist construction so as to promote the realization of the four modernizations. 
　　We must adhere to the open policy. Because economic relations between states today have become increasingly close, and no country can possibly advance behind close doors. Only in this way, can we gradually close the gap between our country and the developed countries.
　　Through the implementation of policy, we can learn advanced technology and managerial expertise from abroad; make full use of the foreign capitals to set up great enterprises; absorb useful and healthy ideas and new knowledge of the modern civilization; and broaden our views and raise our level of competence.
　### 　2. The place of Science and Technology in Modern Life.
　　Human life can not continue without science and technology. For many years, human society has developed with the advance of science and technology while the development of science and technology has in turn brought the process to mankind. So the life we are living now is more civilized than that of our fore fathers.
　　The development of science and technology have brought about many changes in people's life. For example, the invention of television and space rocket have opened a new era for mankind. Through the use of TV people can hear the sound and learn the events happening thousands of miles away. Owing to the invention of spaceship and rocket, the dream of man's landing on the moon has now come true.
Science and technology also play an important role in our socialist construction. We may say, our socialist construction is just like a skyscraper, while science and technology are its base. Without the base, the skyscraper can't be built. Therefore,have opened a new era for mankind. Through the use of TV people can hear the sound and learn the events happening thousands of miles away. Owing to the invention of spaceship and rocket, the dream of man's landing on the moon has now come true. 
　　Science and technology also play an important role in our socialist construction. We may say, our socialist construction is just like a skyscraper, while science and technology are its base. Without the base, the skyscraper can't be built. Therefore, we should try our best to contribute to the development of science and technology so as to provide a more solid base to build our country.
###　　3. Importance of Education
　　China, as a developing country, is determined to catch up with and even surpass the developed ones. I think that one of the best possible ways to do so is to give first priority(优先)to the development of culture, science and especially education.
　　In modern times, when science and technology are making great progress, the education of the work force is of primary importance. Moreover, many of the success in advanced countries have demonstrated that a nation 's prosperity mainly depends on the quality of its labour force, namely those who have been well educated.
　　In a developing country such as China, our investment in culture, education and science, and especially elementary education, must enjoy top priority. This is crucial(决定性的)for China to catch up with the developed nations in to day's surging(汹涌的) waves of technological revolution. Otherwise, the gap between China and advanced countries will be widened rather than bridged. 
###　　4. Air Pollution
　　Air pollution is one of the major problems of the modern world. A great deal of energy is needed to run the factories of modern industrial nations. Automobile, trains, planes and busses need energy, too. Nearly all of this energy is produced by burning fuels. The burning produces wastes, some of which remain in the air, causing air pollution.
　　Scientists are finding ways to stop air pollution especially in big industrial areas and densely-populated cities. They are studying new ways of generating electricity that may be less damaging to the environment. In the meantime, many power plants are being modernized to give off less polluted material. Also, engineers try to design and locate new power plants to do minimum damage to the environment.
　　However, it may be that we still have a long way to go before we have a "clean" world. Nearly all of the countries are trying hard to prevent and control air pollution. There indeed seems to be no end to tasks that environmentalists will be required to do. People will continually find new ways to control pollution.
###　　5. Environmental Protection
　　Today the quality of our natural environment has become an important issue. The world population is rising so quickly that the world has become too crowded. We are using up our natural resources and at the same time polluting our environment with dangerous chemicals. If we continue to do this, life on earth cannot survive. 
　　Concerned people have made some progress in environmental protection. Governments of many countries have established laws to protect the air, forests and sea resources and to stop environmental pollution.
　　Still more measures should be taken to solve environmental problems. People should be further educated to recognize the importance of the problems, to use modern methods of birth control, to conserve(保存) our natural resources and recycle(再循环) our products. We are sure that we can have a better and cleaner place in the future.
###　6. Automobiles
　　Automobiles, as a product of modern civilization, have been playing a vital part in the daily activities of human society. Industry needs automobiles for farming as well as transportation. Every day, automobiles drive people to and from work. On weekends automobiles take families for joyful outings. And during holiday seasons, automobiles fill the highways everywhere, even in remote areas. It could be said that the wheels of automobiles move society forward.
　　But automobiles have also given rise to a series of problems. For example, cities are overcrowded with automobiles. They create a lot of noise and traffic accidents which disable(伤残) or kill many people each year. Worst of all perhaps is the air pollution caused by the exhaust gases produced by automobiles
. Some of the gases are highly toxic(有毒的) and a serious health hazard. 
　###　7. Computer
　　The computer is widely used in all fields of society. Today, wherever you go, you will find computers being used. For example, computers are used in universities, large corporations, and small offices, etc. It has even entered the homes of ordinary people. As it is able to store and process a large amount of information, the computer bring about great convenience and high efficiency to people of all walks of life.
　　Computers can help people in different ways. For example, computer help scientists in analyzing data and doing complex calculation. For another example, computers are made use of by engineers in designing a plane, or a spaceship. Besides, computers may also play a great role in helping children with their lesson. Whatever you are doing, you many find computer a useful aid.
　　However, the computer must be designed and instructed by man. What is more, it is true that computers can make decisions, but they need detailed instructions and programs prepared by humans to operate. Therefore, the computer can never replace the human brain.
###　　8. Travelling
　　It is exciting to visit different places. As you travel, you will see beautiful sceneries typical of the region. Besides, you can meet and make friends with people of different colors and races. Finally, you can get to know the customs and living habits of the local people. Today people are so
fond of travelling that tourism has become one of the faster growing industries in most countries. 
　　The main reason why people travel is, perhaps, for pleasure. For example, having worked hard throughout the weekdays, people will find a widened trip to the nearby mountains or beaches a real relaxation. For another example, spending an annual holiday travelling abroad is an especially satisfying experience for those who do not have much of an opportunity to be away from their homelands. When people return from their travel, they will generally feel fresh and energetic, ready to work harder.
　　Travelling is also one of the best means for learning. You may have read or heard about something but you can never get an accurate picture of it until you see it for yourself. Seeing is believing. Furthermore, if you area careful observer, you can learn much during your travel about the geography, biology, and history of the places you visit. No matter how well educated you are, there is always a lot for you to learn through travelling. The knowledge acquired from travel, as you will have found in your life, is no less valuable than that from any influential reference book.
###　　9. The World Population Explosion
　　The human race has experienced a consistent increase in population since the beginning of its history. Famine and disease have done little to offset(抵消)this steady increase. Too many people are added annually to the population of the world. So both the causes of population increase and the results of having more people are worth careful study. 
　　Culture evolution is the major factor responsible for population increase. Early in human development, people invented tools to hunt animals. Later they built shelters to protect themselves. Step by step, they made life easier. As a result, fewer died from natural forces, such as harsh climate and disease.
　　In the past, when population grew, there was unexplored territory to inhabit. But now, almost all the habitable land has been explored.
　　The world's population may reach 8.7 billion in 2033. It is clear that world population is a serious issue that needs careful attention. Human beings are unique to solve problems through cultural evolution.(发展) Facing the world population explosion in the near future. We must carry out the birth control program in order to save the mankind and save the world.
###　　10. Opening-door Policy is the Only Way to Make China StrongModern
　　Chinese history leads us to the conclusion that socialism, not capitalism is best for China. But how a socialist China should look at capitalism and more importantly, make use of the better side of capitalism for its own advantage is of vital(至关) importance to the country.
　　As far as our country's economic construction is concerned, taking advantage of the part of capitalism that is useful to us means we need to develop foreign trade, introduce advanced technology and better management, and make use of foreign funds. It also means we can absorb some of the economic theories, and make use of those economic policies, methods and measures that comply with(遵循) the law of mass production and a commodity economy. 
　　By opening our windows wider to the outside world, people can learn more about other peoples and learn to make sensible judgments. Absorbing the better part of the cultures of other people to enrich ourselves is the best way to safeguard our socialist culture. So taking advantage of capitalism and stepping up economic reforms is the only way to make China strong. Closing the county to international exchanges will only keep it weak.




